If your fear makes you give up, find new courage in your heart.
The beauty of your soul surpasses all - it is endless.
The truth lies beneath the surface if you look for it.
Sharing happiness makes you happy.
Without rain and storm there would be no life.
Say what you feel and stand by what you say.
Know that you are truth.
Appreciate yourself and honour your soul.
Find the meaning of your life where your joy is helpful to others.
Discover the sacredness of life. Nurture and spread it.
Love has no boundaries.
Only those who have self-respect will respect others.
Speak straightforwardly, simply and with a smile.
Make yourself empty and let the universe fill you.
Your conviction is your strength.
Communicating with love is the greatest mastery.
The greatness of your self reaches to infinity.
Refer to your inner wisdom. That is your strength.
Inspire others with your peaceful presence.
Make your words a gift to others.
Breathe in peace and breathe out blessings for all.
Let us light lights instead of complaining about the darkness.
The whole universe is beautiful - be you too.
This life is a gift.
The world wants to see your inner light.
The only constant is change.
An unforgettable impression - kind and compassionate - that is love.
May all beings be happy.
Work, but don't forget to live.
Love is the root of compassion.
Your experience is the only thing you really possess.
Love without trust is like a river without water.
Gratitude gives many new possibilities.
Love will always win.
Open yourself to infinity, become infinite.
Let us use the energy positively.
Compassion brings understanding.
Nature teaches us harmony.
Your greatness is shown in the light you radiate.
When you help someone, you help them to awaken.
Develop the ability to listen.
Kindness is the gift of life.
Sometimes everything complicated disappears when a new morning awakens.
You don't have to find out what is true, you are the truth.
The truth lasts forever